Grandma, why are you here?
Grandma is getting old
Confused
No memory
I forgot that today is your birthday
You see, this is what grandma specially prepared for you
Thanks grandma
Classmate, it's your birthday today. What's the matter?
You're a trash picker
You deserve the same birthday as me.
It's us, Brother Chen, who is the first guardian of Jiangcheng
Son of Strength
Just like you
Assisting wonderful poor ghosts who can afford to go to school with extreme poverty
It is also worthy of the same birthday as our brother Chen.
Why does this smell sour?
Could it be that he didn't take a shower after picking up the trash?
Who says no?
Just this poor guy.
Every time he doesn't go to class
Just go to the trash and pick up the bottle
He's dirty in the trash
Maybe it's all viruses and bacteria or something